doc: 54h documentation improvements (#19099)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_logging.rst

nRF54H20 logging using System Trace Macrocell (STM)
***************************************************

nRF54H20 domains include ARM Coresight System Trace Macrocell (STM) hardware, which collects trace data from multiple domains using standalone or assisted multicore logging.
The STM writes trace data generated by the domains using memory-mapped registers.
The STM multiplexes trace protocol data, formatted according to the MIPI System Trace Protocol (STP) v2, and sends it to a single output, like a UART.
This approach has a minimal cost on performance and code size, allowing for a non-intrusive collection of system debug-and-trace information.

The STM implements a frontend of the Zephyr logging subsystem, allowing you to use the standard Zephyr logging API.
For more information on STM, see :ref:`zephyr:logging_cs_stm`.

.. note::
   The STM logging feature for the nRF54H20 SoC underwent testing with the J-Trace PRO V2 Cortex-M, using firmware compiled on ``Mar 28 2024 15:14:04``.
   Using this feature also requires ``nrfutil-trace`` version 2.10.0 or later.

Embedded trace router (ETR)
===========================

> The Embedded Trace Router (ETR) is a hardware feature that provides a circular buffer in RAM for trace data.

Reviewer: Difference in capitalization for the feature between heading and body text.

Reviewer 2: I've found cases of this being capitalized in Zephyr and Arm docs so I'll go for this here as well.

Assisted multicore logging
==========================

> Assisted multicore logging uses dictionary-based logging to send messages without redundant strings to STM, following the :ref:`zephyr:logging_guide_dictionary` feature of the Zephyr logging API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assisted multicore logging uses dictionary-based logging to send messages without redundant strings to STM, and is based on the :ref:`zephyr:logging_guide_dictionary` feature of the Zephyr logging API.
```
I don't think you follow features.

All cores must use the same logging configuration.

> After building your application, the build directories for each core will contain a dictionary database file named :file:`log_database.json` (:file:`build/<app_name>/zephyr/`, where ``<app_name>`` is the application name for each core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After building your application, the build directories for each core (:file:`build/<app_name>/zephyr/`, where ``<app_name>`` is the application name for each core) will contain a dictionary database file named :file:`log_database.json`.
```
